If your research projects require advanced and/or difficult bioinformatics work, e.g., processing, analyzing and interpreting Next-Generation Sequencing (NGS) data, integrated analysis of genomic and other biological and medical data, statistical data analysis, data mining, and database and informatics work, you might consider using AccuraScience's help.
AccuraScience, LLC is a bioinformatics service providing company operating in Johnston, Iowa, United States. AccuraScience maintains a team of eight highly distinguished bioinformatics experts (or "Lead Bioinformaticians"), most of whom possessing educational background in both bio-medicine and computer science. Five of the eight current Lead Bioinformaticians have served as professors at major U.S. institutions, and two others have had extensive experience directing/supporting the bioinformatics operation of an entire university/clinical facility (with hundreds of faculty). More information about our Lead Bioinformaticians can be found at this page.
Our Lead Bioinformaticians would help researchers with various types of bioinformatics work, including data processing and interpretation (especially those related to NGS data), statistical data analysis, data integration (involving multiple types of data), data mining, and database and informatics work. In carrying out a challenging research project experience matters. When faced with a difficult situation our Lead Bioinformatician is more likely to find the "right" solution than a junior bioinformatician. To convince you of our team's capability I quote some of the testimonials left by the researchers we have helped in the past:
We are highly impressed with AccuraScience's capabilities and services. Their knowledge and insight in both the problem domain (evolutionary biology) and the data analysis practice (computer science and statistics) as well as their willingness to go the extra mile to help us professionally as their clients was truly superb and remarkable... I recommend the company to anybody who needs skillful bioinformatic analysis and competent data analysis advice to use their services.
- By a researcher at the University of Haifa, Israel.
I really appreciated your timely and excellent service for the whole genome sequence analysis in this PNAS paper...I am very satisfied with your professional, skillful and high-quality service... I would be certainly more than happy to recommend your company to other customers who need best-quality bioinformatics analysis.
- By a researcher at Temple University School of Medicine.
We used the expertise of AccuraScience to help us make sense of our NGS data and found them to be competent, efficient and courteous. They took the time to discuss our project's objectives so they could customize their analysis to fulfill these aims. The Lead Bioinformatician helping us was very accessible and patient in explaining the various analysis strategies and the significance of the data each method would generate. In addition, the data was obtained at a reasonable cost and within a very reasonable time frame...
- By a researcher at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.

All these researchers have left their real identities in the testimonials. You are welcome to read more on our web site and contact these researchers directly to obtain more comments on the work our Lead Bioinformaticians performed.
If you are concerned with the price tags of our services, rest assured: because our Lead Bioinformaticians are more experienced, they make fewer wrong turns and will end up costing less. This is supported in our statistics: over the 12-month period between July 2013 and June 2014, an average bioinformatics project cost ~$7,500 for us to complete. Our poll suggests that alternative ways of completing the project (e.g., one involving identifying/using local bioinformaticians) would have cost the researcher ~$42,000. That is, our services represent ~82% saving in the cost of completing a typical project. An average-sized project took us ~7 weeks to complete in the hands of our Lead Bioinformaticians, as compared to ~4.5 months if it had been completed by alternative ways, according to our poll. In other words, our services also lead to >3 times savings in time for a typical project.
Thank you very much for your attention. We look forward to discussing your research projects with you.
Best Regards, 
Justin Li, Ph.D. 
Lead Bioinformatician, AccuraScience 
http://www.accurascience.com